The mountains, rivers, and the continent are overflowing with the power of faith.
The sky and the earth are full of fear, fear, and great fear.
The red sky is burning, the air is high, and the land is high.
The land of the moon is high, and the land of the mountain is high.
This is where the roots of the land are, the bond of life.
The mountains, rivers, and the continent are overflowing with the power of faith.
The sun sets in the west, and the sun shines on Japan.
The high-ranking military parade is now about to start.
The main force of the Japanese army is now at the front.
The people of the Japanese army are now standing up,
and they are all praying together.
Fear, fear, great fear.
The End